hi everyone I just want to make a quick
mention that I recorded the next several
episodes prior to chronic virus pandemic
I know that it's a tough time for all of
us I do hope that you'll find time to
relax and hopefully get a sense of
normality by watching my weekly episodes
and in the meantime be safe and stay
healthy hi this is Pam dinner welcome to
another episode of b2b marketing and
more with Pam
in the past two episodes I talk about
artificial intelligence and that's
because I have written the book for a
marketer to explained in terms of how
marketers can leverage AI for their
effort so I touch a bit in terms of the
definition marketing specific benefits
and one specific episode I also mention
multiple different use cases and today I
want to talk about data row in AI
marketing and obviously in the past two
episodes I talked about the magic of AI
is what mighty AI can do but really
before that oh the magic can happened
that you need to actually have a solid
and cleaned and high-quality data set
because AI is really about machine
learning that you need to feed data into
the model so and to train the models so
the machine can learn and with that
being said your data needs to be fairly
solid case to point is back in 2018
Amazon actually discreetly very quietly
scrapped their AI recruiting tools
that's because the data the use was
based on the old resumes that was
submitted in the past ten years into
Amazon database right
guess who's actually applying jobs in
Amazon which is the tech industry
majority of them are males so that data
they feed into it created a bias against
women so the prediction or the screening
process that say a female has to go
through they tend to get screened out so
with that being said they feel that the
AI model doesn't provide a very
objective decision in terms of overall
screening and I wanted to present agree
with that
understand that so they scrap the whole
tool so with that being said you
understand that the data that you
provided have a certain level of bias
will do right because the data that we
feel into it reflect who we are and how
we use those data and a lot of time you
have to actually annotate the data label
the data so that the machine can
actually read so the annotation part of
it is super super critical and when I
was reading some blog post and they
basically suggested that if you have
internal annotators that actually label
the data it doesn't hurt to actually
have an outside consultant to look into
a data to make sure that the bias is
minimized I don't think you can 100%
mitigate the bias but you can mitigate
them
and so the annotations and also labeling
is very very important another thing
that you can do with the data is to
actually make sure that you test
different data sets and run through your
modeling process and to see how the
outcome is so basically that you have a
multiple different data sets and coming
from different sources and you can feed
into the data and then compare the
results the data part of it is
incredibly time consuming to try to get
it right and you need to actually take
quite a bit of time to work with your
internal team and to build some sort of
quality assurance process which is not a
word that we use all the time as a
marketer quality assurance right so when
you are working with your internal team
to build an AI model or external team if
you will that when you are looking to a
data you need to make sure that you have
a quality assurance process in place to
determine the quality of data and also
the labeling and all these process does
take a quite a bit of time to make sure
that you get it right so to build any
kind of a AI model takes time and effort
and also takes time to actually look
into the newer data and make sure your
data quality is a part and you have to
determine and define what that is this
is just one thing I want to share with
you in terms of if you are working on
the AI part of things you need to pay
attention to a quality of data so
that is pretty much what I want to share
today I hope that you find it useful in
terms of data quality management if you
are actually working on any kind of AI
building and then you have specific
insight to share please let me know I
would love to showcase you and your
thoughts on my podcast or the video if
you like the content please subscribe
below and if you have any questions
please send the email to me hello I p.m.
dinner calm love to hear from you thanks
a lot bye